welcome to Guevara
yeah I want to see the guild let's see
who's here oh my god ugh travelers all
the way out here what's this all about
yeah I'm this is my partner we're with
that lemon I'm and I lily I am Eugene
gallardo I'm the head of the governor
chapter I'm his assistant any bars did
you say Island yay Inez it's nothing
personal but you should head back home
now that is not the response I need I
want to watch
hmm so they already know God was it
always thought I used to be a port town
in a harsh environment
all that changed after lychees to go
he know
false peace agoura is using the city's
mana to boost crop and livestock yields
to unnatural levels
magic college the results are promising
model levels have dropped alarmingly at
this rate the man's mana will run dry
the land devoid of modest blessing
invites monsters to invade the Devourer
and that's what travelers away wait
that's right came here to see a person
they count good peril do something to
fix all that just fly off this is also
wrong time to be gone even for help
though great
it's time to go save some people
hmm it's not the kind of welcome i was
expecting so to say
you
well yeah I go against their to lift the
world is in danger
so is it time for a tantrum again ooh
cold as always what do you expect us to
do about it yeah seriously tractions
yeah i'm at the country tight FRA hell
the place of living is boring as
the forest animals that can do a hell mm
maybe that sort of emotional stimulus
it's just rather die seriously come on
let's go
no here's to you